.\" Manpage for TmpUsb
.\" Contact jmedved@jmedved.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH TMPUSB 1 "TODAY" "MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH" "tmpusb man page"

.SH NAME

tmpusb \- TmpUsb disk management


.SH SYNOPSIS

.ad l
\fBtmpusb\fR [ \fB-d \fIdevice\fR ] [ \fB-m\fR ] [ \fB-u\fR ] [ \fB-v\fR ] [ \fB\fIlabel\fR ]


.SH DESCRIPTION
Help with mounting and unmounting TmpUsb drive.



.SH OPTIONS

.TP
\fB-d \fIdevice\fR
Device to use. Needed only if more than one TmpUsb device is plugged in.

.TP
\fB-m\fR
Mount device under \fI/tmpusb/\fR.

.TP
\fB-u\fR
Unmount device.

.TP
\fB-v\fR
Show vebose information.

.TP
\fB\fIlabel\fR
Label to set.


.SH EXAMPLES

.TP
\fBtmpusb\fR
Shows TmpUsb drive status.

.TP
\fBtmpusb -m\fR
Mounts the content of the drive under \fI/tmpusb/\fR.

\fBtmpusb MYLABEL\fR
Sets the label to \fIMYLABEL\fR.

The following labels have a special meaning:"
* ARM       - activates TmpUsb on then next loss of power"
* ARMED     - activates TmpUsb self-erase capability immediately"
* ARMMAX    - activates TmpUsb self-erase capability immediately and any unplugging of device will cause self-erase
* CALIBRATE - next unplug will measure how long device will have to be unplugged for self-erase
* FORGETFUL - drive resets itself upon each plug
* RESET     - self erasure and settings reset
* READONLY  - makes drive read-only; valid only after ARMED is already applied

You can find additional commands and instructions at https://medo64.com/tmpusb/"


.TP
\fBtmpusb ARMED\fR
Arms the drive so that next unplugged state will delete its content.

.TP
\fBtmpusb -d sdo ARMED\fR
Arms the specific drive (if there are more than one drive available) so that
next unplugged state will delete its content.


.SH AUTHOR

Josip Medved <jmedved@jmedved.com>
